Grammatical changes (#18)
aseprite/docs: color-mode.md

contains these four components. It means that a pixel is completely
independent from others.

The alpha component specifies how opaque the color is:
`Alpha = 255` means completely opaque, and `Alpha = 0` completely
transparent.

Special note: Background layer doesn't have an alpha component, so
it will always be opaque.

## Indexed

![Indexed Mode](color/indexed-mode.gif)

> In this mode each pixel's color is a number that references a palette

Reviewer: I believe you are right, but will leave David the final word here.

Reviewer: @dacap

Reviewer 2: I would use:
```suggestion
In this mode each pixel is a number that references a palette
```
Because the pixel doesn't have a color, it's just a number/index/reference in the palette (the palette entry has the color).

Reviewer: I agree. Just to clarify, we are talking about each pixel on a sprite, not pixels on the screen.

Author: Hm, so is a pixel a triplet? i.e. it has an X coord, Y coord, and a colour identifier, to be looked up from the palette?

Reviewer 2: @brickviking as you can see in https://aseprite.org/docs/color-mode#indexed yes, each pixel in the sprite (XY position) has an index that references a palette entry.

Author: Okay, then how about this:
```
In this mode each pixel has a number that references a palette color. ...
```
I'm using this rather than simply stating that it is a number (which it isn't _just_ a number)

Reviewer 2: That could work :+1:

Author: Or (for that matter, seeing as you yourself came up with it) you could even substitute "an index" rather than simply "a number".
```
In this mode each pixel has an index that references a palette color. ...
```

Reviewer 2: I might say that "number" is more familiar for regular users than index, we could say "has a number (the index)"

Author: Perhaps "value" then? Or "numerical value"? Too complicated?
I'll put in "number" unless you change it, I guess.

It's more like RGBA, just that you have two channels: Value and Alpha.
Here 0 means black and 255 is white. The alpha channel behaves exactly

> like RGBA mode.

Reviewer: Not sure about this one. We want to say that the alpha channel in an indexed mode sprite behaves the same way as when the sprite is in RGBA mode.

Author: How about this then:
```
Here 0 means black and 255 is white. The alpha channel behaves exactly
like it does in RGBA mode.
```

Reviewer: Oh yeah, sounds perfect to me 🥇

Author: Done. That should be everything except the one you want David to approve.
